well howdy there internet people it's
beau again
so today we are going to talk about
announcements and of course i am talking
about president donald j
trump's historic announcement we're
going to talk about that
and why maybe you shouldn't oversell
things
the appearance is that the president
needs good news right before the
convention
so he's kind of playing this up and
that's all fine and good
if it was just about any other kind of
uh
any other kind of news when it comes to
something like this you can't oversell
it
if you've watched this channel you know
i'm
really interested in this when it comes
to convalescent plasma
every medical professional that i have
talked to says that this is good stuff
it helps a lot however it's not a
breakthrough
it's not a cure in any way
at the end of the day this is really
helpful for about a third of people
that's big it's good news it is great
news
but it's a stop gap it's not a cure
we're not out of the woods most
importantly
don't stop taking the precautions wash
your hands don't touch your face stay at
home if you have to go out wear a mask
do all of the stuff you're supposed to
this isn't a game changer
this is one more tool in the toolbox
to help get us through until we have a
safe
effective reliable available treatment
or vaccine
nothing's going to change that nothing
will change that
until we get to that point everything's
a stop gap
this is a good one this is good news
don't get me wrong
however the way the president kind of
delivered the news
may make people think we're done we're
not even close
we aren't even close the world health
organization is suggesting that we're
going to be looking at this for another
two years
so don't uh don't get lacks
don't don't think we're done this helps
about 30 of people 33 percent of people
something like that
that's that's good news for them it's
great news for them
however there's no guarantee that you're
going to be part of the 33 percent
rather than the 66 percent
still do everything you're supposed to
don't help this spread
don't get complacent don't let the
president
oversell something that really isn't
the game changer he's making it out to
be the emergency authorization just
makes it a little bit more widely
available
but it was already pretty available um
so
this isn't a huge change
but it is good news and we should let
him have the good news
just let's temper the overselling
of it anyway it's just a thought
you all have a good day